In this case, we have the array,
x, with a row index, -1,
and an unspecified column index.
The negative row index actually
corresponds to take all rows except for
the specified row.
So -1 will correspond to all
rows except for the first row.
Since we left the column unspecified,
this corresponds to all the columns.
The result being, we'll get a new array
which corresponds to the old array,
specifically, the second, the third,
and the fourth rows of the old array.
In this case,
we refer to the array, x, but
instead of referring to the array, x,
with one pair or row column indices,
we refer to the array, x, with a vector
of rows and a vector of columns,
specifically vector (1,2) of rows and
(1,2) of columns.
Remember the function c concatenates
the values inside of it and
returns a vector with
the corresponding values.
In this case, we'll create a new array,
y, that is extracted from the old array,
x, specifically the first two rows and
the first two columns.